Finally! After all the treacherous jungles, crocodile swamps, and
scorching deserts, you've reached the legendary treasure cave!

There's just one final challenge:

Centuries ago, there was also a treasure hunter who came this same 
cave. However, when he slid open the boulder blocking the entrance,
an ancient curse was activated, and he turned into a genie guarding 
the cave ever since.

The only way he could get the treasure is to devise secret codes so 
difficult that you, the next adventurer who dares to come to the cave,
cannot solve. 

But if you can crack the codes, then you are the worthy champion of 
the ancient treasure!

There are 5 rounds, and in each round you have to guess the genie's 
secret code, which consists of some digits. The range of the digits,
the length of the code, and the number of guesses allowed depend on 
the skill level you select:

Apprentice: 4 digits from 0 to 5, 10 guesses
Master: 5 digits from 0 to 7, 12 guesses
Legend: 6 digits from 0 to 9, 14 guesses

Remember that the genie is very cunning, so his secret code could have
duplicate digits!

With every guess, the genie will tell you how many digits you guessed
correctly and put in the right spot (o), and how many digits you 
guessed correctly but put in the wrong spot (x).

Each round ends if you solve the code and win, or if you run out of 
guesses and lose.

If you win, you earn 3 points for each digit in the code, and 1 bonus
point for each unused guess!

But if you lose, the genie then earn 3 points for each digit in the 
code, plus 1 point for each of your guess with no more correct digits 
in the right spot than the previous guess.

Whoever wins more than 3 rounds in a row will also receive a bonus of
10 points!

After 5 rounds, your score will be compared with the genie's score, 
and the one with higher points wins the treasure!

Note: You can quit the game at any point. But if you decide to quit 
before completing 5 rounds, you will lose the treasure to the genie. 
So think twice before quitting!
